well howdy there internet people it's
about again
so uh yeah we have a new supreme court
justice
you know the one that couldn't uh
couldn't tell you what freedoms were
protected by the first amendment
during the hearing she's now on supreme
court
because that seems like a really good
idea i'm sure nothing can go wrong there
she's not qualified for the job period
she's not qualified to pass basic civics
she could not answer that question when
you are applying for the highest court
in the land
there shouldn't even be a pause when
asked that question
and she couldn't she couldn't respond
she had to get help
the reason she is now sitting on the
supreme
court is because the republican party
is not afraid to wield power when they
obtain it
it's really that simple i mean it helps
that they don't have much of an
ideological makeup i mean that that
the fact that power is kind of their
motivation is helpful
but that's why republicans were willing
to do this
if polling and turnout projections
are accurate there is a very
likely possibility that the democrats
will walk away with the house the senate
and the white house
after this election if
that happens they have to wield
the power scorched earth
i am not talking about oh well we're
going to do an investigation
no you're going to restructure the
courts plural
not just the supreme court
see all those judges and all those
federal districts they're like really
overworked
we need some more judges we might want
to divide up those districts
what has happened during this four years
is pretty much unforgivable
are a whole lot of people with ours next
to their name
that have uh just sold out the country
my opinion there are a lot of people
with d's next to their name
who i don't feel fought hard enough
to be completely honest
if the democratic party gets the house
the senate
and the white house they have a mandate
they can make changes if they have the
will to enact them
they can do a lot of stuff they can help
out with health care
they can fund all sorts of things
they can restructure the courts they get
infrastructure packaged through
maybe do some environmental regulations
i understand that there are a lot of
politicians with these next to their
name
who are not ideologically motivated
and that's fine but if
the democratic party
has the house the senate and the white
house
and utilizes that power to make things
better for the average person they will
retain
the house the senate and the white house
that's part of the problem
is that the democratic party seems very
unwilling
to exercise power very unwilling to
wield the power when they have it
in this case they can hammer enough
stuff through
to actually get the progressives on
their side
maybe get them to show up and vote next
time
like out of you know wanting to support
the democratic party
rather than just trying to stop
trump
it's funny because this is the
republican party crumbling
we see it it is shifting to a far
far right that is unidentifiable
by the rank and file republicans when
they sit down and look at policy
if they sit down and look at policy
the democratic party cannot just follow
suit
and become the new republican party
become the new conservative party
that's what's being rejected hopefully
and if it is rejected and those
projections line up with reality
the only way the democratic party is
going to stay in power
is if they push for real change deep
change
systemic change the kind of change
that will energize people
bring them back into the political
process get them to engage
beyond when it's self-defense
because that's what this really boils
down to there's not a lot of people
voting for biden
they're voting against trump
the i'm not trump campaign
seems to have worked worked better than
i expected
going by polling but is it going to be
enough
to maintain that support no
there's going to have to be change deep
systemic change and it's going to have
to come from the house and the senate
because it's not going to originate in
the white house
that supreme court confirmation is
appalling
it is appalling the second she was
unable to answer that question those
hearings should have been over
there's no way you give a lifetime
appointment to somebody who can't answer
a basic question about the constitution
you don't do it but they did
because their uh ideology is power
their ideology is power and being
supported by people who don't understand
policy
who just like to watch the exercise of
power and root for a winning team
that's it strong man authoritarianism
if the democratic party wants to
maintain the base of support
it currently seems to be enjoying
they're gonna have to actually do
something
and doing whatever it takes
to nullify her vote should be at the top
of the list
because anybody who doesn't understand
the basic freedoms of this country
probably shouldn't be interpreting the
constitution
and ruling on whether or not we have
them
it's funny i had a much more fond memory
of
judging amy before now
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day